Update "Deploy Automatically" for 'make deploy' (#653)
submariner-io/submariner-website: src/content/getting-started/quickstart/kind/_index.md

### Deploy Automatically

To create kind clusters and deploy Submariner with service discovery enabled, run:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/submariner-io/submariner-operator
cd submariner-operator
make deploy using=lighthouse
```

By default, the automation configuration in the submariner-io/submariner-operator repository deploys two clusters, with cluster1 configured as
the Broker. See the [settings](https://github.com/submariner-io/submariner-operator/blob/devel/.shipyard.e2e.yml) file for details.

> Once you become more familiar with the interaction with Submariner, visit [`Building and Testing`](../../../development/building-testing/) for building and testing with Submariner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you become familiar with Submariner's basics, you may want to visit the [Building and Testing page](../../../development/building-testing/) to learn more about customizing your Submariner development deployment.
```

> For more advance deployments, refer to [`Submariner Deployment Customization`](../../../development/shipyard/advanced/) for examples on how to customize the environment outside of defaults values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To understand how Submariner's development deployment infrastructure works under the hood, see [Submariner Deployment Customization in the Shipyard Advanced Options](../../../development/shipyard/advanced/).
```

```bash
git clone https://github.com/submariner-io/submariner-operator
cd submariner-operator

> make deploy using=lighthouse

Reviewer: We should likely make the summary of these steps reflect the updated steps, something like (can't suggest on the relevant line because it isn't edited, sorry):

> To create kind clusters and deploy Submariner with service discovery, run:

```

By default, the automation configuration in the submariner-io/submariner-operator repository deploys two clusters, with cluster1 configured as
the Broker. See the [settings](https://github.com/submariner-io/submariner-operator/blob/devel/.shipyard.e2e.yml) file for details.

> Refer to [`Submariner Deployment Customization`](../../../development/shipyard/advanced/) for examples on how to customize the environment outside of defaults values.

Reviewer: I'm not sure we should direct users from the quickstart to these advance Shipyard reference docs for developers. Users should not need to know those Shipyard details, only devs doing work with Shipyard. For more user-facing docs about using custom Shipyard envs, they should see https://submariner.io/development/building-testing/.

Author: I agree it could be a lot, but for something simple like deploying with a different cable-driver, I think it is useful. When you are new, you don't know what to search for, so I was hunting and pecking for a day trying to figure out why lighthouse wasn't being deployed (but was working on Manual Steps). Link both?

Reviewer: It's great to have this fresh view and I want to act on this feedback, but I think we shouldn't ask users to dig through the Shipyard Advanced Options to learn something basic like how to set the cable driver. We have more user-focused docs for that. We want people to use the `using` flags (as CI does), not manually pass cluster/deploy options. Maybe we should make this section stand out more somehow, link to it?

> The cable driver used to connect clusters can also be selected with using flags:
make e2e using=vxlan

https://submariner.io/development/building-testing/#end-to-end-tests

Reviewer: This updated version you have with both is okay with me. :+1:
